dogstatsd: add a section on the stats mode. (#8794)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/developers/dogstatsd/high_throughput.md

dogstatsd_queue_size: 512
```

> See next chapter on burst detection to help you detect bursts of metrics from your applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the next section on burst detection to help you detect bursts of metrics from your applications.
```

### Enable metrics processing stats and burst detection

> DogStatsD has a stats mode in which you will be able to know which metrics are the most processed. Please note that enabling this mode could decrease the DogStatsD performances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DogStatsD has a stats mode in which you will be able to know which metrics are the most processed. 

**Note**: Enabling this mode can decrease DogStatsD performance.
```

To enable the stats mode, you can either:

> - set `dogstatsd_stats_enable` to `true` in your configuration file,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set `dogstatsd_stats_enable` to `true` in your configuration file
```

> - set the environment variable `DD_DOGSTATSD_STATS_ENABLE` to `true`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set the environment variable `DD_DOGSTATSD_STATS_ENABLE` to `true`
```

> - use the `datadog-agent config set dogstatsd_stats true` command to enable it at runtime. You can disable it at runtime using the command  `datadog-agent config set dogstatsd_stats false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the `datadog-agent config set dogstatsd_stats true` command to enable it at runtime. You can disable it at runtime using the command `datadog-agent config set dogstatsd_stats false`.
```

> When this mode is enabled, you can run the command `datadog-agent dogstatsd-stats`. A list of the processed metrics will be returned ordered by the ones received the most.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When this mode is enabled, run the command `datadog-agent dogstatsd-stats`. A list of the processed metrics will be returned ordered by the ones received the most.
```

> While running in this mode, the DogStatsD server runs a burst detection mechanism. If a burst is detected, a warning log will be emitted. E.g.:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While running in this mode, the DogStatsD server runs a burst detection mechanism. If a burst is detected, a warning log will be emitted. For example:
```

>     A burst of metrics has been detected by DogStatSd: here is the last 5 seconds count of metrics: [250 230 93899 233 218]

Reviewer: Should be wrapped in codeblock backticks
